---
layout: default
title: Experience
permalink: /resume/experience/
---
					
## Merus, Inc.

<i class="fa fa-map-marker" aria-hidden="true"></i> OAKLAND, CA

_Web Developer & Designer, June 2013 - Present_


### Projects

#### MerusCase 4.0 Documentation

_Project Lead, December 2015 - February 2016_

Served as project lead to organize, write, review, and deploy written content for every feature in the new 4.0 version of the application.
Guides were written in markdown, generated as static html pages using Jekyll, and automatically published to
[docs.meruscase.com](http://docs.meruscase.com){:target="_blank"} when a series of tests successfully ran in CirclCi.

#### QA Testing for MerusCase Application

_January 2016 - Present_

Support the Dev team's 2 week release cycles through conducting manual test plans, logging issues within GitHub, manually verifying tickets
marked as "Resolved", and contributing to the creation of an automated test suite written in Ruby that utilizes both xpath and css selectors.
Handled minor bug fixes within the application relating to cross browser functionality, responsive design, and UI refinement written in
JavaScript, Less, and Sass.

#### Branding Website

_November 2015_

Created [branding.meruscase.com](http://branding.meruscase.com){:target="_blank"} which consists of static html pages generated by Jekyll
that uses GitHub Pages to automatically deploy changes pushed upstream to the master branch. 

#### External Website Design & Development

_June 2013 - Present_

Fully redesigned and  implemented the current website, [meruscase.com](http://www.meruscase.com){:target="_blank"}, to appeal to a broader
client base in conjunction with revamping brand identity. Redesign included site organization, creation of written marketing content,
creation of graphics in both .png and .svg format via Illustrator, and moving over existing knowledge base from Blogger to GetSimple.  

Updated CSS to include @media queries at custom breakpoints in response to Google's Mobilgeddon in January 2015.

Adopted the role of cross-browser testing in January 2015 and site deploys in September 2015.

### Previous Roles

#### Marketing Coordinator

_June 2013 - January 2015_

During my role as Marketing Coordinator, I was responsible for setting and achieving strategic goals, establishing and maintaining the 
marketing budget, and overseeing all facets of services provided by MerusCase. Marketing efforts included blogging, email campaigns & newsletters,
graphic design, SEO, tradeshows, and social. 

#### Accounting & Operations



#### Product Trainer & Onboarding Consultant

Conducted web-based trainings via [join.me](join.me){:target="_blank"} & multi-day in-person
trainings of the application for newly onboarded clients. While on-site, training consisted of classroom style instruction
which walked the client(s) through the application, over-the-shoulder one-on-one training for each person in the office,
and Q&A segments. 

Additionally, trainers function as  the liason between the customer and the engineering & migration teams
to ensure the client is excited and ready to use the product while understanding the intricacies of migrating their existing data
from their previous system to MerusCase. Trainers work with the managing partners and office managers of the firm to address how the client
will transision current workflows and processes to the new system with the intention of eliminating paper and tedium from each employee's
day-to-day task list. 

As time permitted, the role of Trainer equated to IT Support which included setting up email sync between the customer's email client (often
with a custom domain) and MerusCase for both incoming and outgoing mail, calendar & contact sync on mobile devices using CalDAV and CardDAV-sync,
bookmarking the application login page on each person's workstation, and ensuring that all settings were correctly enabled to allow Macros
in Microsoft Word allowing each client to have the full capabilities of creating merged Word Templates in MerusCase.


## William Hezmalhalch Architects

<i class="fa fa-map-marker" aria-hidden="true"></i> SAN RAMON, CA		

_Architectural Design Intern, November 2013 - August 2014_

Worked closely with the Design and Production teams to create and revise redlines for building submittal packages via AutoCAD for single
and multi-family residences and coordinated with Creative and Marketing teams to create graphic renderings for exterior views and floor plans
in Photoshop.

## Zellerbach Playhouse

<i class="fa fa-map-marker" aria-hidden="true"></i> BERKELEY, CA

_House Manager, August 2011 - May 2013_

Oversaw front of house staff comprising of four employees at three different performing arts theaters on the UC Berkeley Campus.
Duties included opening and closing theaters, managing box office staff, compiling reports for the department head, and maintaining
direct communication with stage hands and theater managers to ensure seamless shows and events. Initially hired as box office cashier;
earned promotion within three months.